who has never heard those cars with loud
speaker announcing pamonha pamonha
It's hot because it's farm food.
pamonha gains strength at this time of year
because of the juninas parties
today we are going to teach a recipe of
salty meat that I have not tasted
but it is a delight to note the
recipe
the chef igor liter is who goes to us
to present salty salmon for 20
units are eight ears of corn
big with straw two tablespoons
of butter
neither sausage calabresa three slices
thick cheese mines or half cure in
cubes parsley half a spoon of coffee
cumin salt and pepper
We cut the corn in the two
ends and withdraws paid with enough
be careful to at least get
three or four whole leaves the
whole pages are blanched in water
fervent just to be inflexible and
on a damp cloth not to dry
now kneads and agrees spike in the middle
to facilitate the removal of the grains
is made on the knife and corn goes to
blender
the dough in the bowl is mixed with the
melted butter and still hot is this
that will prevent the tamale is dry
from that point you have a
basic mass of pamonha and can make
two choices or choose the sweet pamonha
Are you going to use clove and cinnamon sugar or
salt that igor will do
only that more implemented the touch
different from the boss is to
cheese in diced parsley cubes
sausage that beauty was stung I
I yelled before putting them on and now
the seasonings half a spoonful of cumin
the same amount of pepper and attention
flexal saves normally and then when
think it's fine, put some more
because the water of cooking aa germany
will only lose the little pack of
fool
we will fold the middle and middle of
and double again in this direction and
open like a cup
just can not fully fill because she
will grow and now with the second sheet
of straw
We'll close the little pack of ammonia.
the pamonhas cook in salted water for
half an hour
Serve at a pretty table in how much
warmer the better mush